#I've made a single html file out of each team member's contributions and uploaded it to a github repository so that we can efficiently manage any changes each of us needs to make to our individual contributions. 

#First I created a repo on my own machine with the command <git init>, then added each individual contribution together with the finished product and the Makefile used to create it. I accomplished this  via the command <git add> followed by a list of those files, which made these files ready for final commitment to the repository, and <git commit>, which confirmed their addition to my local repository. Finally, I uploaded my local repository to a public repository on github. com via the command <git push>. You should now all have access to that public repository.

#Should you need to edit your contributed files, please do so in your own local branch of the main repository (so that we can keep track of which changes are being made and don't accidentally introduce mistakes into the main version). You can create your own local branch by opening the terminal on your machine and using the code <git clone https://github.com/benspierce/PS2705_Assignment7.git>, then creating a new branch via <git branch [branch name]>. Then use <git checkout <branch name> to navigate to your new branch and begin working. 

#Once you have made whatever changes you would like to make, simply run the command <make> while in your local repository as your working directory to recompile the html file. Finally, commit your changes to the shared repository via <git push origin [branch name]>. Done!
